« Fight between husband and his wife: »
« isn’t she your daughter? »
« Don’t you have only this girl? »
« I can not sleep at nights due to stress and I am stressed out for your poor girl.»
« You light cigarettes one after another without any distress? »
« Is it possible? »
« Should I beg you? »
« Should I beg you for your daughter? »
« It is your daughter...»
« you don’t pay anything, just tell me how much to pay, I will gather it somehow...»
« what on earth are you doing? »
« yep , it's right I haven’t done anything in my whole life. »
« I will call the police now. »
« It's your daughter, understand it...
« it's not obvious what she is doing , who the hell is she what and what the hell is she doing...»
« I won't shut up... »
«  I have been silent enough within this life... »
« I have shut my mouth ad whatever you did I did not do anything, it is your daughter now, our daughter... »
« can you be this callous? »
« Interview with the man and woman on TV: »
« Woman : I wanted to convince this person, I think I insisted too much because I was worried and these stuff... »
« after hanging the phone I had a severe head ache than I thought maybe my perseverance ...»
« Man: It was not the question of perseverance, it was the negative energy, ok? »
« Is this unaccustomed for us? Speaking of negative energy and so on? »
« Whether in our lives or in general if we are around a depressed person what will happen after a while? »
« That depression has an energy that is radiated to us, it infiltrates us... »
« our protection layer keeps us untouched; it is not the question of a mission or something like that, I just want to support my claim here... »
« Reporter: there are artists from Iran, Afghanistan even European countries... »
« there will be music here and you will experience traces of Uzbekistan, and the city of Samarkand...»
« Kidnaper's video: how many times have I called you? And you haven’t answered me, huh? »
« Is two billion important for you all of a sudden prick? How much of our share have you used up? »
« Sit down, where are you going sun of a gun? »
« Come here and see who is here! »
« show yourself I am talking to you! »
« look at it cringing and hiding; it doesn’t matter anyway I want my money by tomorrow at 12...»
« How much is the price of one hand? I will chop of the hand and send it to you, if I do not have the money in my account by tomorrow... »
« I will chop of the parts one by one, show your hand, I will chop it off from here , do you understand it I will cut it, I will cut... »
«  the second part of the bed, Whenever i close my eyes its at my chest  , principally I am an athlete, an athlete in my bed, got it...»
« What I am good at is diving! Diving in to my own bed! I am professional in it! »
- Hello Mister, excuse me haven’t you received a box by mistake?
- a box…
- A small box...
- I’ll bring it...
- Yes , there it is…
- I told you I will bring it to you….
- why did you open it? Maybe there was a severed hand in it!
TV Show :« more, more, more…...drop it out! Ten seconds have passed! »
« More…! 5 seconds…! »
« Ok... I want to talk to you about my experiences in "Khandevane" , what we are presenting is different from what we really want... »
« that is why we can attain characteristics that will hurt us and the people around us… »
« The sound of TV: the sentence of cutting the hand was performed today , it was like other sentences ...»
«...that they cut fingers for sheep whereas for multibillion embezzlements they do not perform such sentences? It’s a blatant lie! »
« This (thief) has jeopardized 26-27 families lives…intimidating them… looting their properties… »
« this thief's hand should not be chopped off?»